We win in, in the no is a racy.
Some princi cri scientist, politics, principle classic the Politic
Democratic.
No, Sim Sim Bib sob uh non tour de
de de minimalist. Cons ie no con uh substantive
as present. Uh NE po uh me now in
the gram is income causes of consequences. The S
Democratic UK dies A Mais Minimalist to Ifa M
de Muntu Joseph Schumpeter bein so Democratic in die.
A principal represent NCI is poor. Is Se Adams
Ee sim system substitute so OKPN no spot deter
ni se I um is Seo minimalist. No SVM
maximalist. Pers Conte teint presents condi vil a coupla
deville Libertad, Libertad, libertad um Tender Soras una nos
MVZM pre stas on is ands conditions. The UN
is pre form liver, negra, no sta present. Uh
It can yet may D point Vistas Cesars pre
on to mothers pur organs so dire or in
respon ees die A Kent. We die. I le
de Mas Kfu Li iss Prout Ken Kein is
political. Te di Firma Stari. I uh uh K
Mart is no, no, no, no, no uh I
politics such as societies limit tender Andre to judicial
uh in the uh Weta Imps to representatives F
MP I was minimal, no minimalist. Um uh I
in uh uh uh I, I do components in
liberals part to the fund
on liberal in the Polis Traves Traves. So Traves
Liber parts et cetera. Uh A uh um a
guarantee of the, the, the constitution pere uh Von
de Ma non Pava. So the, the term Seville,
the circumstances
um M The Point Vista de su component Electoral
I nic backsliding, I uh uh uh Democratic backsliding
a contest in Unit Politic time. Uh Po Ta
Grand I the, the fra No, the uh the
farm vent which is Adversaries mes uh E uh
fam uh I mi A mi uh is Maestre
Ekt 10 A li the uh CIA to de
farm to de Mis Farm. No problem. Y ma
ma minimalist democracy do so. Uh Vista Institute of
Science
Economics in socioeconomics. Sober Democracy. Uh KF. So connect
the different Strat socioeconomics. So, Stas war politic 10,
the POA war, the second, the aute socio-economic
me, Pum Kin, no, Seria statu quo for uh
U We Miao per the class. Soo NFPZ uh
P sympathy part. Uh I got a uh PPP
program I came for and uh uh uh um
uh P mama de uh de us. No, the
me, me, me Fins de Timist but is not
Esta minimalist. Lucia Nests ma I ma fin de
ma the means the maize. We uh water. So
no So uh for example, no Ava ST master
uh Kekk UK su uh uh I mean uh
uh uh uh means competence is that the idea
is the C uh D farm study such fo
ye mus non s psychologic sifa yo um independent
M DU was come away with a car in
control. Nemy aim if that is democracy is liberal
is some, some the guarantee that proceed community. Some
Maestre E SPS uh de de de Mun Mess
as per A tre uh the kiosk te um
10 men in the Expander mead E pr A
T as for me. Uh So in terms the
Strat and so on. So in, in turn Aquis
Yuki uh presenting uh the, the um um Maestra
uh is the farm Nous Weems Ein regimes, non
democratic e regimes, autocratic, Eenke con O se. So
me, I me a me A U ma uh
interest and regime's autocratic kinte their social economic resist
A uh I me uh new regimes are democratic.
A con contrary, ka K so me, you can
carry out differents me
Java decades. In fact, the perch contest uh contests
the poli uh political socio-economic in S so is
the nest cas constitute socio-economic ma ba pote va
contract R in pro comp pro le politics, ma
auto leaders uh the rate the pot some in
the G or so ma is limits uh use
objective. So uh in terms to, to say what
poli those leaders, political uh up there who opposed
this or Amendment as well?
Stas simpl Ma uh in the uh the TV.
Auto uh uh uh uh uh abs. No, no,
for example, uh a Tia no American do so,
for example, or uh or in con suffering vides
phenomenon, such a phenomenon that the, that presents a
view. I uh it's so spreading direct politics. I
say this is direct uh this uh see that
super, super uh no vent I sit. No. Is
that studio um in Brazil uh the uh the
EK Eu Wein kit we nek CIA. I, no,
no, no circumstances. Mas IV the leader of the
liber pur
IMF kz economic specific um um statute, socioeconomics settlement.
So socioeconomics or is sad si se uh Z
po po po li
but ere A KD UK K EIG so sore
A F so we are incentives uh And uh
I sub nit me fain Mire. No se uh
various this ST um clevis and nice. He is
my problem in to Du du Val it. So
the TTE Joc Sad Fior as Maistre Kent in
contest. Zig uh Kim Ma ma con uh con
to quo I can s uh estes differences uh
intensif in inter the po the circumstances. Yes. Went
to me Sad Mea Mais V menu. So thus
different Kussin joke. We mais dramatic twist per M
put K not distant as we fit a Ma
uh No, Izm uh Pao Ma farms. I mean
that Eli da de da es uh um uh
I master in contest ZM which Meris Prio Per
So the, the economic political and contest the uh
con uh con con caveat. The, the, the uh
uh uh uh the
uh uh uh termina re uh puris ideological ruter
uh D for CCI poli stratum. A ideological for
Ma is a uh a ideological, the Furs. So
economics with Furs Mais, E se No sin un
fatur independent de Z Furs. Ma Ma Ma Ma,
as we scientist Poli Stratum, I di NC DIMA
for independent de sous Furs matri is consider the
men um fur but different steps impact politically.
Uh uh I I SIM and um A and
so uh the idea and in the political economic,
its economy or as my li rise upon with
economic means. Um Mmit me uh the kit politics
uh political against politics. Dividends nest. The means the
fat, not the dividend by. So uh a and
we di aid that the social aid that cultural
different attitudes to the whos the right to those
immigrants. Um Ks Ne is so fat, fatos economics
constituents or to a uh fancy. Uh NO, in
its pre the bus stems position horizontal. So uh
form a different stem and abstract but the point
is different. No ST uh no, N as economic
as Pres uh Ma conserva nnn cultural uh um
A uh pres so my vent the conf not
material uh not economic is no prevalence uh ma
traditionalist ma conservators nn no, no touch person something
the Concentra and she is the very end of
PP Messina sound atitude. So a sour politics. This
means uh the gas,
the contact for a historic cum is a ma
sound fore miso or for Yasa Primera V the
Democrat in Portugal or a democracy O PV of
res and three of Vincent
uh by uh Sarno convert we pender uh per
se. Visa Ma Stable Nostri ST ST ST uh
uh no Democratic uh uh representative from revolution. Milit.
IP the P is important, you know, is uh
systematic uh the uh so uh political public but
it's no, it's no uh imvppkaemu uh I substituend
uh men per organ I MA per tribunal, consti
uh uh fo skw uh sore uh no correspond
a non va um uh significa pluralism uh per
per
in terms, the, the division of legislative issue, the
CBN uh important Epz na on de
de virta make art for new issue. Uh SA
uh ours representative fain parliament uh in the uh
no, respond to parliament uh I de fund is
uh important uh important uh important guarantee is respond.
Uh No. So di conflict to me via polite
guarantee. Now you produce the TC me light. A
light is super points uh is produced, super points
is produce per K light. In particular, a light
constitution is no. So as a constitutional as to
others to impact uh the NASA to see the
systematic non pas in practic es it complicated A
P so simple. We now kit you now. Mhm
E san slit be per limit. So uh Uank.
No, in fact, no te uh nest so simple.
Absolute. So let me as me. Yeah, do the
better approve. My constituency is um uh uh um
I ST and for that Themba uh me to
do the Kano Zia MAOIs uh Fema Fras who
guards the guardians P controller uh which controller do
um I pro Nera S Sus Compromiser um I
Vitara Concentra me parallel to Marta uh U API
in part daubs uh me in contra. Well, li
uh m community in the direct se uh un
uh uh me, Kim per non condition is the
right. PPSN A in uh TC pac C me,
me, me absolut E sins, right? The uh Kunar,
the, the, the pro and the Andres le uh
the NEAS PNT pt stem uh ce per for
to spare me, San Pers Palabra uh Dial uh
which tin dump contra V to No me, me
uh No uh A si A
YVMJF part uh the Sussex ST uh um maintaining
system is Song us Contra. Song list checks and
balances uh democracy or
AAA uh constructed. The prova constructed the mes non
10 is me public Kao Lung. Uh Nan Tita
uh Nesa tore me absa um not regres, no
sta consequences, semi absolute circumstances. And VA FN Per
la ST ST ST uh Lativa US projects, right?
Uh uh uh uh THE uh uh in the
end. So no se so no, its no sound.
No, no. Mm mm iitmvp is no V is
fact de Star in La Con a sound in
the uh me man or so important
the UN system princi institution,
your your mirant stamp, they are converted to the
south of Greece. Um The premier on um no
as Steam is late rice. Perfect. Mhm UK KKK
Clark pa the stem compliment V the Gin Mess
vs um Mussie Ku Nous ST P ses KM.
Vfie Nous in Kant. Se set out Tre Kund
dams, Penn Sein Sorich Kunder, we so die. Lemme
is the sound of sol is in de de
de de de VEF go te fit that cover
sound as the poli systemic pua representative I that
FKKIFMVIUE but uh uh per per is a uh
so Portuguese S sta su su or Stas sta
KPK per se per per mi. No, I facts
IIIIRC now 27 Sari per F uh uh Gas
to the Discipline Gas in Capacidad. The the nos
fragmentary no still uh to, to retire uh via
uh in an incentive of what of what strategic
nte. Now, CP on the uh V consider pluralism,
exporters surviving longer. I similar to this time of
year. They want the K sku UV ma K
Eu Ekok da A da the pale, no part
Mr Mao, right? Uh IS 10 M de propose
uh um uh uh S Pragmatic SKDKK Stimulators Muda
neurosis is the seq Eels Tainer most modal steamer
mice, Eels. So through to this steamer I uh
stimulator. So Kok Sound Geaumm. No secps on the
No, no, no, no, no, no. Uh uh NO,
so no, never. Uh CONS me n nuo Gravis
Esta Oso de libertad clear. No, I no uh
SIA uh OK. I want mass ie in the
ma problematic ike similar to A T is mo
so weir in particular Minmmy. No E spv uuu
be ac F I ye recipient are sub is
no K no, no. Uh I I right
is manifest in the proper representative.
Uh No, no, no. Ievmie, no K LP Circus
in particular uh Vmen. No sound. I'm a farm
like combine and also uh esu no in the
present
as ac ad vs politic val de terminar alma
form si en contest democracy. M ma O men,
I go me if stick a sound N O
us UK. No de politi nest. The na A
speci a story until the goldilocks. It or no.
Uh IIAPK. I'm a Pak Masia free. I'm a
pt to the temper to the cer and N
Meia fragment. Cell nine fragment of seven meals. A
ques a land may, I'm especially the sweet spot.
Uh uh uh I I Comprehensives Sts form a
ma fragment is Skkie is sign in NNO meter
in stem on the UK and mom. No, no,
no NV is Nuevo is Nuevo to deva A
Nuevo present that n mere fragment. An me, a
problematic fragment. Sound L A Lee is that Lee
am F from me to the public is fru
is im fragment c name name book fragment C
A uh uh A papa m uh uh um
uh via VN. Uh I if you put 10
to uh fragment some mes pro la uh if
it 10 the fragment that is significant. Uh A
capacity.
Mama for ma ru N uh no PC N
uh UN is that the politics is per democracy.
So
now, you know, nous pneumo formula. Um Menos, PP
yes. Mhm Independent. MS So uh the, the point.
Um No, no de pot viste die du D,
no stars. No, we, I, I que indicis stat
I use uh in fact, uh a temp I
di de per um per VM ma consequences. This
and in particular I san my doin um I
pretend to uh the games. No, even my formula
for the tak uh Well mean the fragment, the
sound, the, the, the problem. Uh NO uh uh
uh uh uh a star by the representative U
uh vast um to me. No, in etcetera. Uh
Eli Vista Vesa. This is the uh de la
de Kyoto patent comp or VIP uh mes S
to a forum. Well, uh that technique from Grand.
No uh no, via the, the, the, the represent
that
Js politic Ital Sere Traves do pre ma ma
brief consult. The jai is in Portugal in the
BSA was my job. A ma a part to
do so as MA values OVI versus Al Que
eun mi mi deer car responder. No ma prime
are simple. No stems. Des di fre. No, we
to the S the vida. Yeah, you still one
is V in Casa M with me in Portugal.
Um I am so a Ekee UK the ST
A wt I in No, no, no, no, no,
I I ka um if they fight then we
fight at Sicko Vida. Iuepft. Dieter. Si Su Niw
Istevef. I thing is do we fight the suicide
and terminal con preps is temporis observers. M sts
is MS encourage there's no T uh A T
the S uh S uh Pil Mis die de
presci. Seo Geon Deems Studs per priest fu A
ST Sim per Mkkuu. Me we sim var minum
met me, meu ke KK de de de de
de se me, Fike Abs smmkkk me in NN
No, I am not. Politics is in this.
Um So my soul um I principal told him
when we in the mati caci politic principle. Strange
pro No subic Mao Mens AOL per uh a
form comus vols. So Zum different PJV AJ Iuan
the A I ma conservas Mas. No, ma I
ma il non se movement. Acient Feit. So is
the al in Portugal or no,
your pens A R well, no, the feta in
the sobs. Uh uh VINNEAP maser meal is um
um Ildwno eu U PM. Em ST we ba
ba a not potent. It, no, no, no, no.
Uh NO, not, no una and mint una masa
indices. The ma the facts Manifest Mas se Jaejv
ST uh E uh EK ma the ma uh
uh no, E OS is M ma pre K
Mora was sexual. Uh M ma they present a
sound contras I have. So in Ma Ma uh
a Flive A ma N ma, I mean, I
mean I wi I me uh no contra Eva
Emiu ST ST uh Ma ma uh
mostly V through genes. No space on the D
for pra problematic principle is
uh a non per se problematic. Um No CVAs
and so is the problematic. Um PER, per, per,
per mass is problematic. Um VP I was uh
S and M as yes, so some different. Uh
THE main I to Yeah, I A mare is
a tech studs premium. Uh Seri se nom de
KKK se mi A Mi Kin a drama uh
entire post PKT the Lares psi mi gar vs
T is re uh so E non VVVI I
I the kink per tundra yet. Treme A S
ma we stams pro to such a sex which
derides as Lisa to Mi uh de A nom
de Nom de Shaw Triumph uh is, is, is
a problematic pa
we a re uh phys Mais Nal tapes. So
specific Mer Temple for the Mais Nal. So as
to K Jero Way Carit, Asra scientist politic informa
sa cirque de Prati Ninad Pin for spots. Informative
per comput
uh non political mes for the noon. Vista N
de political public qui uh mini concrete practicum um
meta pena de de he killed Muslims in Portugal
Air. Uh If you, I live so far. Um
A grand division. So inter Circuit Center, those ports,
I mean non consume, produce cultural caucus, ba you
can produce no out to the games. No, o
no, no, no uh the games. Um NO vas
in no, no. Mmmmmmm Isz in a pre uh
no uh no, this, this is at the NZ
that SU it's the NIA un P FISI, the
Z de comp Cultural con con the NTA in
Capacidad de per lien principe. The um it facts,
no uh preoccupied in public KPKT is, is esculin
PV K 10-K comper era in Portugal in Espana.
Uh I defi in Portugal uh um observe to
the uh us us. Consum Ma di uh at
10 Duo is m uh so the, the premier
no uh to, to devi by or a concert
or is or no. Um It uh no uh
no MS facts in so called nose point systematic.
I see that the, the consum culturas practic culturas
uh su pre pre en en No, so that
fantastic uh the putt is a mass is, no,
that is in the
TC. Uh IN terms the consum Inal, I sad
is K um, et Preens Pels at EPGK fact.
So the mais we staut socio-economic, non teen meus
economics per consum O we mint PCA do so
con K le and non Tetris or so.
But for the present. Uh NO, did not even
1%. Not in, uh in fact, uh Akima practicing
KJ. Yes. Per car. No, no, no. OK. I
20 not an interest. No. Uh uh uh I
familia, right? Yeah, I mean familias casa says I
as a temp. So, right? But this is a,
so is it systematic? Uh THEY uh No, no.
Uh I I
uh SZZYV video, youtube on the po in the
internet.
Uh P Megan. No, Google E de per, per
link per institutes um per academic. Um No, no,
no uh mas simpl uh uh uh a fil
in contra
informative. Hi guys. Thank you for watching this interview.
Until the end. If you liked it, please share
it. Leave a like and hit the subscription button.
The show is brought to you by the N
Lights Learning and Development, then differently check the website
at N lights.com and also please consider supporting the
show on Patreon or paypal. I would also like
to give a huge thank you to my main
patrons and paypal supporters, Perera Larson, Jerry Muller and
Frederick Suno Bernard Seche O of Alex Adam, Castle
Matthew Whitten bear. No wolf, Tim Ho Erica LJ
Connors, Philip Forrest Connelly. Then the Met Robert Wine
in Nai Z Mark Nevs calling in Holbrook Field,
Governor Mikel Stormer Samuel Andre Francis for Agns Ferger
K and H her meal and Lain Jung Y
and the Samuel K. Hes Mark Smith J Tom
Hummel S friends, David Sloan Wilson. Ya dear, Roman
Roach Diego, Jan Punter, Romani Charlotte, Bli Nico Barba,
Adam Hunt Pavlo Stassi Nale medicine, Gary G Alman
Sam of Zed YPJ Barboa, Julian Price Edward Hall,
Eden Broner Douglas Fry Franca, Beto Lati Cortez or
Solis Scott Zachary ftdw Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul
Giorgio, Luke Loki, Georgio, Theophano, Chris Williams and Peter
Wo David Williams, the Ausa Anton Erickson Charles Murray,
Alex Shaw, Marie Martinez, Coralie Chevalier, Bangalore, Larry Dey
Junior, Old Ebon Starry, Michael Bailey. Then spur by
Robert Grassy Zorn, Jeff mcmahon, Jake Zul Barnabas. Radick,
Mark Kempel Thomas Dvor. Luke Neeson, Chris Tory Kimberley
Johnson, Benjamin Gilbert Jessica. No week in the B
brand Nicholas Carlson, Ismael Bensley Man, George Katis Valentine
Steinman, Perras, Kate Van Goler, Alexander Abert Liam Dan
Biar Masoud Ali Mohammadi Perpendicular Jer Urla. Good enough,
Gregory Hastings David Pins of Sean Nelson, Mike Levin
and Jos Net. A special thanks to my producers
is our web, Jim Frank Luca Stein, Tom Veg
and Bernard N Corti Dixon Bendik Muller Thomas Trumble,
Catherine and Patrick Tobin John Carlman, Negro, Nick Ortiz
and Nick Golden. And to my executive producers, Matthew.
Lavender. Si Adrian Bogdan knits and Rosie. Thank you
for all.